A BTES field functions as a thermal battery that stores surplus heat
Standard analytical BTES solutions gain efficiency by imposing
Transient radial temperature response for one BHE
Dimensionless temperature, Fourier number, radius, and resistance
Weighted temperature-field expansion
Linear equations enforcing zero normal heat flux
Image-well weight vector w
Continuous spatiotemporal BTES temperature distribution
Temperature-difference maps against the finite-element benchmark
A reported 67 percent reduction for the image-well method
Sampled values for each Morris input factor
One-factor-at-a-time parameter combinations
Temperature predictions for each sampled parameter combination
Elementary effects for each parameter across Morris samples
Mu-star overall-effect coordinate for each parameter
Sigma interaction coordinate for each parameter
Seasonal charging and discharging temperature history
Shape-dependent charging and discharging temperature histories
An additional 3.24 to 16.2 MWh per year for the reported BHE lengths
For the reported conductive BTES cases, image-well boundary